com/noteit/noteit/security/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 com.noteit.noteit.security.JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint
com/noteit/noteit/files/repository/FileDBRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.repository.FileDBRepository
com/noteit/noteit/services/UserRoomServiceImplementation.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.UserRoomServiceImplementation
com/noteit/noteit/files/mapper/FileDbMapper.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.mapper.FileDbMapper
com/noteit/noteit/repositories/FileTagRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.repositories.FileTagRepository
com/noteit/noteit/controller/TestController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.controller.TestController
com/noteit/noteit/exception/AppException.java
 com.noteit.noteit.exception.AppException
com/noteit/noteit/sqlite/dialect/identity/SQLiteDialectIdentityColumnSupport.java
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.identity.SQLiteDialectIdentityColumnSupport
com/noteit/noteit/services/RoomServiceInterface.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.RoomServiceInterface
com/noteit/noteit/files/message/ResponseFile.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.message.ResponseFile
com/noteit/noteit/security/UserPrincipal.java
 com.noteit.noteit.security.UserPrincipal
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/model/Notification.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.model.Notification
com/noteit/noteit/security/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 com.noteit.noteit.security.CustomUserDetailsService
com/noteit/noteit/services/UserServiceImplementation.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.UserServiceImplementation
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/service/NotificationsService.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.service.NotificationsService
com/noteit/noteit/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java
 com.noteit.noteit.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
com/noteit/noteit/entities/UserEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.UserEntity
com/noteit/noteit/repositories/TagRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.repositories.TagRepository
com/noteit/noteit/services/TestServiceImplementation.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.TestServiceImplementation
com/noteit/noteit/entities/FileTagPK.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.FileTagPK
com/noteit/noteit/controller/UserRoomController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.controller.UserRoomController
com/noteit/noteit/files/message/ResponseContentFile.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.message.ResponseContentFile
com/noteit/noteit/repositories/TestRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.repositories.TestRepository
com/noteit/noteit/payload/LoginRequest.java
 com.noteit.noteit.payload.LoginRequest
com/noteit/noteit/controller/RoomController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.controller.RoomController
com/noteit/noteit/files/model/FileDB.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.model.FileDB
com/noteit/noteit/payload/SignUpRequest.java
 com.noteit.noteit.payload.SignUpRequest
com/noteit/noteit/files/dtos/FileDbWrapper.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.dtos.FileDbWrapper
com/noteit/noteit/security/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java
 com.noteit.noteit.security.JwtAuthenticationFilter
com/noteit/noteit/files/message/ResponseMessage.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.message.ResponseMessage
com/noteit/noteit/security/JwtTokenProvider.java
 com.noteit.noteit.security.JwtTokenProvider
com/noteit/noteit/repositories/UserRoomRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.repositories.UserRoomRepository
com/noteit/noteit/sqlite/dialect/SQLiteDialect.java
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.SQLiteDialect
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.SQLiteDialect$1
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.SQLiteDialect$2
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.SQLiteDialect$3
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.SQLiteDialect$4
 com.noteit.noteit.sqlite.dialect.SQLiteDialect$SQLiteUniqueDelegate
com/noteit/noteit/services/TestServiceInterface.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.TestServiceInterface
com/noteit/noteit/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.repositories.UserRepository
com/noteit/noteit/files/dtos/FileDbDto.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.dtos.FileDbDto
com/noteit/noteit/entities/FileTagEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.FileTagEntity
com/noteit/noteit/files/dtos/FileRoomDto.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.dtos.FileRoomDto
com/noteit/noteit/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.noteit.noteit.config.SecurityConfig
com/noteit/noteit/entities/TestEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.TestEntity
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/repository/NotificationsRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.repository.NotificationsRepository
com/noteit/noteit/payload/UpdateRequest.java
 com.noteit.noteit.payload.UpdateRequest
com/noteit/noteit/repositories/RoomRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.repositories.RoomRepository
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/message/NotificationMessage.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.message.NotificationMessage
com/noteit/noteit/entities/RoomEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.RoomEntity
com/noteit/noteit/entities/UserRoomEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.UserRoomEntity
com/noteit/noteit/payload/FullUpdateRequest.java
 com.noteit.noteit.payload.FullUpdateRequest
com/noteit/noteit/services/UserRoomServiceInterface.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.UserRoomServiceInterface
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/service/NotificationsServiceInterface.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.service.NotificationsServiceInterface
com/noteit/noteit/entities/UserRoomIdEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.UserRoomIdEntity
com/noteit/noteit/dtos/RoomDto.java
 com.noteit.noteit.dtos.RoomDto
com/noteit/noteit/files/model/FileRoomCompositePK.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.model.FileRoomCompositePK
com/noteit/noteit/hwrecognition/TextDetector.java
 com.noteit.noteit.hwrecognition.TextDetector
com/noteit/noteit/services/UserServiceInterface.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.UserServiceInterface
com/noteit/noteit/NoteitApplication.java
 com.noteit.noteit.NoteitApplication
com/noteit/noteit/files/exception/FileException.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.exception.FileException
com/noteit/noteit/utils/AuthError.java
 com.noteit.noteit.utils.AuthError
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/exceptions/NotificationAlreadyReadException.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.exceptions.NotificationAlreadyReadException
com/noteit/noteit/dtos/UserDto.java
 com.noteit.noteit.dtos.UserDto
com/noteit/noteit/files/model/FileRoomDB.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.model.FileRoomDB
com/noteit/noteit/helper/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.noteit.noteit.helper.mapper.UserMapper
com/noteit/noteit/controller/AuthController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.controller.AuthController
 com.noteit.noteit.controller.AuthController$1
com/noteit/noteit/entities/TagEntity.java
 com.noteit.noteit.entities.TagEntity
com/noteit/noteit/payload/JwtAuthenticationResponse.java
 com.noteit.noteit.payload.JwtAuthenticationResponse
com/noteit/noteit/helper/mapper/RoomMapper.java
 com.noteit.noteit.helper.mapper.RoomMapper
com/noteit/noteit/notifications/controller/NotificationsController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.notifications.controller.NotificationsController
com/noteit/noteit/payload/ApiResponse.java
 com.noteit.noteit.payload.ApiResponse
com/noteit/noteit/utils/Ranks.java
 com.noteit.noteit.utils.Ranks
com/noteit/noteit/files/service/FileStorageServiceInterface.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.service.FileStorageServiceInterface
com/noteit/noteit/controller/UserController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.controller.UserController
com/noteit/noteit/files/repository/FileRoomDBRepository.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.repository.FileRoomDBRepository
com/noteit/noteit/services/RoomServiceImplementation.java
 com.noteit.noteit.services.RoomServiceImplementation
com/noteit/noteit/files/service/FileStorageService.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.service.FileStorageService
com/noteit/noteit/files/controller/FileController.java
 com.noteit.noteit.files.controller.FileController
